Update UIComponentsPageButton.md (#4760)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/devguide/Connector/UIComponentsPageButton.md

> [!NOTE]
>

> > - Typically, the description tag is left empty when a page button is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Typically, the [Description](xref:Protocol.Params.Param.Description) tag is omitted when a page button is defined.
```
